title: "Spring-Jar\_Usage"
tags:
  - Technology
id: 140
comment: false
categories:
  - Spring
date: 2010-02-04 10:32:06
---

Cheat sheet for your reference when you add libraries to your projects, this reference should avoid redundant jars from your projects
<table border="1" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<tbody>
<tr>
<td valign="top">Following files are in the spring framework package.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">
<table border="1" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<tbody>
<tr>
<td valign="top">**jar**</td>
<td valign="top">**Descriptions**</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">**spring.jar **</td>
<td valign="top">It contains the entire Spring framework including everything in the other JAR files also.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">**spring-core.jar **</td>
<td valign="top">It contains the core Spring container and its utilities.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">**spring-beans.jar **</td>
<td valign="top">It contains the bean Spring container and JavaBeans support utilities.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">**spring-aop.jar **</td>
<td valign="top">It contains Spring’s AOP framework, source-level metadata support, AOP Alliance interfaces etc.,</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">**spring-context.jar **</td>
<td valign="top">It contains application context, validation framework, JNDI, templating support and scheduling.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">**spring-dao.jar **</td>
<td valign="top">It contains DAO support and transaction infrastructure.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">**spring-jdbc.jar **</td>
<td valign="top">It contains the JDBC support.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">**spring-support.jar **</td>
<td valign="top">It contains JMX support, JCA support, scheduling support, mail support and caching support.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">**spring-web.jar **</td>
<td valign="top">It contains the web application context, multipart resolver, Struts support, JSF support and web utilities.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">**spring-webmvc.jar **</td>
<td valign="top">It contains the framework servlets, web MVC framework, web controllers and web views.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">**spring-remoting.jar **</td>
<td valign="top">It contains remoting support, EJB support and JMS support.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">**spring-orm.jar **</td>
<td valign="top">It contains iBATIS SQL Maps support, Apache OJB support, TopLink support and JDO support.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">**spring-hibernate.jar **</td>
<td valign="top">It contains Hibernate 2.1 support, Hibernate 3.x support.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">**spring-mock.jar **</td>
<td valign="top">It contains JNDI mocks, Servlet API mocks and JUnit support.</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>
&nbsp;</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>
&nbsp;

The [_Core_](http://static.springsource.org/spring/docs/2.5.x/reference/beans.html#beans-introduction "3.1.&nbsp;Introduction") package is the most fundamental part of the framework and provides the IoC and Dependency Injection features. The basic concept here is the <tt>BeanFactory</tt>, which provides a sophisticated implementation of the factory pattern which removes the need for programmatic singletons and allows you to decouple the configuration and specification of dependencies from your actual program logic.

The [_Context_](http://static.springsource.org/spring/docs/2.5.x/reference/beans.html#context-introduction "3.8.&nbsp;The ApplicationContext") package build on the solid base provided by the [_Core_](http://static.springsource.org/spring/docs/2.5.x/reference/beans.html#beans-introduction "3.1.&nbsp;Introduction") package: it provides a way to access objects in a framework-style manner in a fashion somewhat reminiscent of a JNDI-registry. The context package inherits its features from the beans package and adds support for internationalization (I18N) (using for example resource bundles), event-propagation, resource-loading, and the transparent creation of contexts by, for example, a servlet container.

The [_DAO_](http://static.springsource.org/spring/docs/2.5.x/reference/dao.html#dao-introduction "10.1.&nbsp;Introduction") package provides a JDBC-abstraction layer that removes the need to do tedious JDBC coding and parsing of database-vendor specific error codes. Also, the [JDBC](http://static.springsource.org/spring/docs/2.5.x/reference/jdbc.html#jdbc-introduction "11.1.&nbsp;Introduction") package provides a way to do programmatic as well as declarative transaction management, not only for classes implementing special interfaces, but for _all your POJOs (plain old Java objects)_.

The [_ORM_](http://static.springsource.org/spring/docs/2.5.x/reference/orm.html#orm-introduction "12.1.&nbsp;Introduction") package provides integration layers for popular object-relational mapping APIs, including [JPA](http://static.springsource.org/spring/docs/2.5.x/reference/orm.html#orm-jpa "12.6.&nbsp;JPA"), [JDO](http://static.springsource.org/spring/docs/2.5.x/reference/orm.html#orm-jdo "12.3.&nbsp;JDO"), [Hibernate](http://static.springsource.org/spring/docs/2.5.x/reference/orm.html#orm-hibernate "12.2.&nbsp;Hibernate"), and [iBatis](http://static.springsource.org/spring/docs/2.5.x/reference/orm.html#orm-ibatis "12.5.&nbsp;iBATIS SQL Maps"). Using the ORM package you can use all those O/R-mappers in combination with all the other features Spring offers, such as the simple declarative transaction management feature mentioned previously.

Spring's [_AOP_](http://static.springsource.org/spring/docs/2.5.x/reference/aop.html#aop-introduction "6.1.&nbsp;Introduction") package provides an _AOP Alliance_-compliant aspect-oriented programming implementation allowing you to define, for example, method-interceptors and pointcuts to cleanly decouple code implementing functionality that should logically speaking be separated. Using source-level metadata functionality you can also incorporate all kinds of behavioral information into your code, in a manner similar to that of .NET attributes.

Spring's _Web_ package provides basic web-oriented integration features, such as multipart file-upload functionality, the initialization of the IoC container using servlet listeners and a web-oriented application context. When using Spring together with WebWork or Struts, this is the package to integrate with.

Spring's [_MVC_](http://static.springsource.org/spring/docs/2.5.x/reference/mvc.html#mvc-introduction "13.1.&nbsp;Introduction") package provides a Model-View-Controller (MVC) implementation for web-applications. Spring's MVC framework is not just any old implementation; it provides a _clean_ separation between domain model code and web forms, and allows you to use all the other features of the Spring Framework.